Add blog post "What types of applications can you build with Spice.ai?" (#44)
spiceai/blog: content/posts/project/enabling-a-new-class-of-learning-apps.md

---

> date: 2021-12-30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-1-4
```

> title: "Enabling a new class of learning apps"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "A new class of apps that learn and adapt"
```

type: blog

> linkTitle: "Enabling a new class of learning apps"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "A new class of apps that learn and adapt"
```
